Disclaimer: This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).
README-generated was generated by the script.

To run via command line:

In /redhat exercise 3/, execute: "npm i", followed by "npm run build", followed by "npm start". This will install dependecies, build the application and then locally host the app as well as open it in the browser.

To run the tests:

In /redhat exercise 3/, execute: "npm i", followed by "npm run build", followed by "npm test". Or simply "npm test" if the app is built and dependencies are up to date. If the tests do not automatically run because they are up to date with the latest commit, press "a" to start a full run.

Additional notes:

I used the react scripts provided by create-react-app to handle building and deploying to the localhost (building via npm), and used npm for dependency management as well. Behind the scenes webpack and browserify with babel is used to build the app.

I used React as the web framework, and organized the code into Containers and Components. Containers are classes that are responsible for data fetching and passing that data to specific component renderers - the Component classes. Component classes are responsible solely for rendering their received data. This pattern allows you to build applications via composition, with pages that have one or more containers, which use the modular and reusable components.

Re: UserDetailsContainer. Because of the requirement that the details page must be bookmarkable, the url to a specific user's details must be directly navigable. Therefore, data for the user must be fetched again in this case. Otherwise, the table passes the user data directly to the user details container.

I also brought in Ant Design, leveraging it's compositional Table widget to render the json user data, as well as utilizing its theme to provide some basic styling and layout structure. Custom styling was done in css and kept simple to keep the app interesting looking without adding too much overhead.

Unit testing was done using Enzyme and Jest. Originally I was going to use Mocha. but bootstrapped base project has some configuration limitations regarding test framework. I couldn't easily move the test directory out of src.
